Dear all,
Vietnamese women have always been
honored throughout history as a beautiful and great figure, possessing
admirable qualities such as diligence, grace, and virtue,
along with filial piety towards their
parents and hard work for their husbands and
children, creating their enduring beauty.
President Ho Chi Minh once said, "The beautiful
tapestry of Vietnam is woven and embroidered by our women,
young and old."
Furthermore, the
laywomen, disciples of the
Buddha, truly deserve praise for their tireless efforts in managing
family and social affairs while also dedicating their
time to the Dharma, cultivating merit for the benefit of the
Dharma, the world, and their
own liberation in the
present life, and sowing seeds of victory in
future lives. Today, on the occasion of Vietnamese Women's Day,
October 20th, with the permission
of our Venerable Master and the
guidance of the Head Nun, the
lay Buddhist practitioners at the temple are organizing a cultural and
artistic program to
celebrate Vietnamese Women's Day.  October is dedicated to
honoring the noble values ​​of
grandmothers, mothers, wives,
sisters, and all female Buddhist devotees.
This also reflects the spirit of
Buddhist life. We respectfully request
a
big round of applause to celebrate
today's program.
[Applause]
To begin
today's program, we present a series of
artistic performances, a spiritual gift
for the grandmothers, mothers, and
female devotees from the lay Buddhist community at the
temple. We invite everyone to
listen.
[Applause]
[Music]
October 20th, women go in and
out to admire the atmosphere, the atmosphere brings
peace and joy to life. Go in and in
to receive
greetings, peaceful and noble wishes. Over the
past year, we women have done
so
much, working and waiting, taking care of
household and national affairs. We
remain
beautiful and joyful every day.
[Music]
[Applause]
October 20th, sisters  Women go in and out,
going out to admire the movement, the movement of meditation
for a peaceful life. Going
in, going in to receive greetings,
greetings, and wishes for peace and serenity.
Over the past year, we women have still done so
much, going to work, waiting for the right path, the
Vietnamese home, the Vietnamese country,
still always beautiful, always joyful every
day.
[Music]
Everyone, let's give a big round of applause!
[Applause]
[Music]
On October 20th,
women go in and
out, going out to shed
fresh flowers, going in gracefully, elegantly, in
traditional ao dai, gracefully, elegantly, following the tradition of our
ancestors. October 20th, women are so
beautiful,
smiling. October 20th,
women are so beautiful and cheerful.
Congratulations on Vietnamese Women's Day,
October 20th!
Yeah! Yes, thank you for the opening performance. It
was very meaningful from
our fellow men. Please, let's give an even
bigger round of applause for
our singers and dancers.
[Music]
[Applause]
Dad, our family is the whole
world. Dad is the sky, Mom is the earth, embracing all living things.
Dad, our family also has the
sun, the Buddha's teachings, the Dharma, where
I grew up in Mom's arms. I am grateful to Dad
's love.
Our whole family together attains enlightenment, a life of peace and
joy. Dad, our family is a small world. Buddha is the sun,
Buddha is the moon, shining upon
all living things.
Dad, our family is a Buddhist family.
Buddha taught Dad,
Buddha taught Mom to care for the family.
Buddha taught me wisdom, to repay the
gratitude to my parents.
[Music] Dad, Dad,
our family is the whole
world. Dad is the sky, Mom is the earth, embracing all living things.
Dad, our family also has the
sun, the sun, shining upon all living things. My life
grows up in Mom's arms. I am grateful to Dad's
love.
Our whole family together attains enlightenment, a life of
peace and
joy. Dad, Dad, our family is a
small world. Buddha is the sun, Buddha is the moon, shining upon all living things.  Dear
Uncle, our family is a
true Buddhist family. The Buddha taught my father, the Buddha taught my mother, and he
taught me to take care of the
family. The Buddha taught me wisdom and gratitude for my parents.
[Music] A
truly happy family.
Happy October 20th!
Thank you for bringing
such a lively atmosphere to the program.
Dear all,
female members of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
and all the mothers and grandmothers who always strive to care
for their families, share love, and diligently
practice the precepts, thereby spreading the
fragrance of virtue to life. And for the
female members to have this mindset, it is thanks to the
direct guidance and encouragement from Ms. Pham Thi
Yen, Tam Chieu Hoan Quan. In
today's program, we very much
hope to hear
her sharing with the audience. We
respectfully invite her.
[Music] Dear all,
first of all, Tam Chieu Hoan Quan sends greetings and best
wishes to all the elders, ladies, and
women in general, and
especially to our Golden Chrysanthemum Club.  Wishing
everyone always a
vibrant and joyful
spirit. Dear Dharma Friends, Tâm Chiếu Hàn Quán
is very happy and joyful that today,
under the temple roof, we women
are living the life of lay practitioners, the life of
enlightenment. And surely,
each of us who comes to the
temple feels
a sense of peace and
goodness
in our hearts compared to
our own lives, isn't that right, dear friends
? Tâm Chiếu Hàn Quán would like to read a blessing
to all the Buddhists in
our club: faith in the
supreme, upholding the precepts, virtuous conduct, generosity, creating good
karma, wisdom, and eradicating suffering; happiness in this life and
happiness in the next. Dear mothers
and fellow Dharma friends, Tâm Chiếu Hàn Quán praises your efforts, dedication to your families, sharing love, contributing to society, and diligently practicing the precepts. On
October 20th, Vietnamese Women's Day, Tâm Chiếu
Hàn Quán would like to share the Buddha's teachings for
women and send best wishes to all
mothers, fellow Dharma friends, and their
families.  May you have good health and happiness
in virtuous deeds, always diligently
practicing the Buddha's teachings to
increase your moral conduct and wisdom, so that you may be happy in this life,
peaceful in the next, attain Nirvana, and achieve
Supreme Enlightenment.
Respectfully, to all of you,
we are
women who are called Happy Women in this
world
because
we are disciples of the
Buddha. In this life,
we have two
lives: one life before enlightenment, a life without enlightenment where
we live in worry and fear;
and the other life where we live in
enlightenment, a life without worry or
fear, knowing how to face challenges and live
positively. Respectfully, dear fellow practitioners, as the
Buddha taught, we, as laywomen,
usually
respect our
husbands, fulfill our duties as
capable wives, and diligently care for our
families and children. We will uphold what is not good to improve it.
We must preserve the good traditions of our families, protect our
assets, and maintain our happiness, so that
we may be
happy in this life. But the most
important thing is that the Buddha...  The Buddha taught us women
that we must attain enlightenment, dear fellow practitioners. The
Buddha taught that women will achieve
victory in the next life, meaning that in this life
we ​​have a connection with the Buddha's teachings.
However, in our lay life, we haven't yet
attained liberation, so we must
strive to create the causes for our liberation
in the next life. If a
woman knows how to create these causes in
this life, then in the next life she
will certainly attain liberation. The Buddha taught that we will
achieve victory in the next life. First, we must
have
faith in the
Buddha, who is truly enlightened.
Today, I would like to share a deeper understanding.
Sometimes, we may study the Dharma,
but we don't understand it deeply enough, which prevents
us from practicing it.
Why do we say we believe in the Buddha's enlightenment?
What is enlightenment? Our Buddha's
enlightenment is seeing and knowing the
truth, knowing the true nature
of the formation and destruction of
realms, the entry and exit of each realm, and
why each being enters and leaves this realm
and that realm.  The Buddha
truly knew, meaning that his knowledge was the
truth. There are truths that the
Buddha knew: suffering, the cause of
suffering, the absence of suffering, and the way to end suffering.
If we do not have faith
in the Buddha, we do not have
faith in the truth. The Buddha simply
knew the truth. In this world,
do you always
want to know the truth about everything? When you
know the truth, you do not suffer. If
you do not know the truth, you will
suffer. And faith in the true Dharma—
what is the true Dharma? It is what the Buddha truly saw and
knew. The Buddha was very skillful in
teaching, like a
good doctor, adapting to the capacity of each individual. That is, if someone
practices one thing, the Buddha
teaches them this way; if they practice another, he
teaches them that way. Depending on their capacity,
each sentient being is guided towards
happiness. You, dear friends, should have faith in the Sangha,
those who follow the
Buddha to practice the Dharma of liberation,
and follow in the Buddha's footsteps to
guide sentient beings to liberation. That is called
having faith.
Another is having moral conduct; faith in the Sangha is also a form of faith.  The
Buddha, Dharma, and
Sangha are the teachings, while upholding precepts is the
practice. Furthermore, a woman practices giving (charity).
Giving is the practice, and wisdom is the practice. Having wisdom
always encompasses both the
teachings and the practice, Venerable Masters.
Today, I, the Mind-Controlling Mind, would like to
share a little more about this aspect of wisdom.
Venerable Masters, a person who
wants to have wisdom must always
live in awareness, always live
in perception, knowing whether
their mind in the
present moment is good or bad,
knowing whether their actions in the
present moment are good or bad,
and where the results of those actions will lead
them.
Only then can one be called a person with wisdom. If, for even a moment,
we are unaware of our
present state of mind, we don't know whether
our actions are good or evil, or what the
results of those actions will be,
then we are called lacking
wisdom, or in other words, deluded, Venerable
Masters. Isn't
this truly very difficult, Venerable Masters?  It's very
difficult, but it's not difficult for a person who has
cultivated virtue, my dear friends,
because in this world,
parents cannot give us happiness
because they can only provide us with
food, right? They can
support us in our careers in life,
but if we have even a single
unwholesome thought, unwholesome words, or unwholesome deed,
we must bear the consequences.
Parents cannot bear the consequences for us; there is
no way they can save us
from our karma. Therefore,
parents can only help in part. The same goes for
wives, husbands, friends, and everyone else. That's
why
the Buddha taught that only we ourselves can save
ourselves. As Buddhist
practitioners, we often hear
this saying: "The wise die, the foolish die, but those who
know will die." "Wise" means cunning and
deceitful in life, using cunning to take advantage of
others, isn't that right, my dear friends?
People call that cleverness, like
going to a feast first and wading through water last.
What do you call that in life?
But just one  Just having such an unwholesome thought
already has its consequences waiting for it,
so whether you're wise or foolish, you'll still
die. That is, we follow the
orders of others out of
greed, out of anger,
without wisdom, without knowing whether
our actions are good
or evil, and what the karmic consequences will be.
We only meet friends once
in
this life, our parents meet us once in
this lifetime, and
so do our friends. But what we pay the price for
is our own actions, and what
we receive as blessings is also
our own actions. So, knowing means
knowing cause and effect, knowing good and evil,
knowing what to do and what not to
do,
living with mindfulness and awareness. Only then can we be
called victorious. Only then can we be called
beneficial. A person who regularly does
good deeds to create good karma
will naturally never
harm anyone, because the cause of harm
will result in
harm to oneself.
Therefore, today, the cause...  October 20th
is Women's Day, and we know that
our women work
much harder than those below us. According to the
Buddha's wisdom, it's not that the
people treat us
unequally. It's about karma and destiny. That karma and destiny in
this life may have
caused us to be
born female. But then, if we cultivate
the karma and destiny,
what kind of body will we be born in the next life? A male body and a
male person are also within that mind. If we
don't cultivate the higher karmic conditions, what kind of
person will we be in the
next life? Isn't that right? Therefore, there is no
fixed form of being; there is
always change in the law of cause and effect, dear fellow
practitioners. It's always changing,
so the mind of the Lord is constantly changing. I sincerely hope
that the female Buddhists in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club
will make wisdom their
pursuit. Whatever binds us,
we must break free.
We
must transform worldly affairs
into spiritual matters. We must be
enlightened. As fellow practitioners living
together, we must always observe the actions of
others to...  Evaluating is a waste of
time. Look at your own behavior to
correct it, because our lives are very
impermanent. If we don't correct
our own behavior, no one else can correct it for
us. That's why we have those
meaningless sayings, like "I
forgive you." If there's no acceptance,
how can there be
forgiveness? If there's enlightenment,
why would there be a need for forgiveness? Because if there's enlightenment, there's
no need for forgiveness. Why? Because right
now, in this very moment, we are already
examining whether our thoughts are good
or bad, right, dear fellow practitioners? Then
the thought of forgiveness won't
appear anymore. We are always correcting ourselves.
For example, if someone insults us, at that very moment,
anger arises in our minds.
We turn back and correct this
anger. That's called living
mindfully. But if we turn to
judging
others, it's a waste of time and we don't
correct our own minds, so we
gain nothing.
Therefore, I hope all Buddhists in our club will strive towards living wisely, dear fellow practitioners.  If we strive towards
living wisely, we will
never have to contend with the world,
never compete with the world,
never need to be right or
wrong with the world. Because at that time, we will always be
adjusting our minds, and as for comforting words,
let's not cling to them, let's just let them go.
These are comforting words belonging to the
world, not words meant
for enlightened people, isn't that right, dear
Dharma friends? And if we live with
enlightenment, we will be very peaceful, very
peaceful.
And the way for us women to reduce our
worries and suffering is through contemplation, that is,
living with wisdom. So on
October 20th, I, Han Quan, wish
all of you diligent practice so that
we may always live with
wisdom and clarity, worthy of
being daughters of the Buddha. I,
Han Quan, am also very happy that
our Buddhist followers
today are so beautiful
and joyful. Here, I, Han Quan, would like
to add another point: in
Buddhism, there is a  The principle in the Four Noble Truths
is that we must attain enlightenment through the practice of the
Noble Truths. That is, all pleasure is a
cause and effect; all pleasure creates
the conditions for our rebirth.
So, if we cherish our own beauty,
we will be reborn in future lives
as women—that is a
danger for those who are enlightened. Furthermore, if
we are attached to the physical form of others, and find pleasure in
their appearance, that is also a cause and effect for
us to return to the same physical form as
that person. Therefore, as a
Buddhist disciple, we must begin to live mindfully, abandoning
all pleasures related to the forms of phenomena—
that is suffering, isn't it?
Because all forms are subject to the law of
birth, existence, decay, and
destruction. Therefore, if we cling to
individual forms or general forms,
we all fall into this law. If we
crave material things, our karmic reward
will be that we become
beings who enjoy material things, and when we are
born as beings who enjoy
material things, we are immediately subject to the law of birth, aging,
sickness, and death, all of which cause suffering.  The nature of
that loss is the cycle of creation, existence, decay, birth, existence, change, and death.
Therefore, any desire,
craving, or attachment
leads us into reincarnation, into
endless suffering and affliction. So, even if you are
very beautiful, don't be
attracted to that beauty; it's the perception
of the object, not ours. Do you agree, dear fellow
practitioners? That's why
a woman must live wisely,
live intelligently, distance herself from attachment and
defilement, and strive towards liberation, Nirvana, and
Supreme Enlightenment. Only then can she truly be a
wise woman.
Therefore, we are extraordinary women,
not ordinary anymore, extraordinary.
So, our minds are illuminated by the Han Contemplation. It is
very joyful and happy to have women by my side who are striving
for enlightenment. Dear fellow practitioners, are
you striving for enlightenment, wanting to
end suffering, wanting to end
bondage? Are you striving for it? Yes, we are striving for it.
By diligently practicing,
we will achieve what the
Buddha desires.
We will achieve it. Let's try our best, even if it
takes one lifetime or two lifetimes.  It takes three
lifetimes to achieve liberation and enlightenment, and
we still strive.
Therefore, beauty, clothing, and makeup are for the sake of
interaction, not for
pleasure or attachment.
Therefore, we should be very happy with the
impermanence of all
things and always live in
enlightenment. May all esteemed fellow practitioners always be
diligent. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully thank the club
leader for her guidance and
encouragement to the female practitioners in
the women's club who are
practicing in the house of the Tathagata's true Dharma.
To make today's program
more meaningful, we respectfully invite the club leader and
all the congregation to recite a sutra
to review the Buddha's teachings, so that the
female practitioners may have more nourishment on their
journey of cultivating virtue. We
respectfully invite the club leader and all esteemed fellow practitioners.
Dear fellow practitioners, we are
disciples of the Buddha, so we must always
remember the Buddha's teachings. The
Buddha's teachings must become
Our daily food is indispensable
because the Buddha's teachings will nourish
our wisdom and help us live mindfully and
awakenedly. Now, let us recite the
Sutra of Successful Women, and may
all of us become
successful women. And may the male practitioners joyfully assist the
female practitioners.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [
Music]
[Applause] Let
us begin reciting the
Sutra. Once upon a time, the Buddha was in the city of Veda,
at the great temple of Maharaja.
Then, after paying homage and
sitting down to one side, the Buddha said to Maharaja: "
This Maharaja possesses four qualities of a
woman who achieves victory in this life;
this life falls within her grasp.
What are these four? Here, Maharaja, a woman who is
skillful in her work, knows how to
gather and serve others, acts with satisfaction,
cultivates virtue, maintains wealth, and achieves these
four qualities. This Maharaja, a woman who achieves
victory in this life, this life falls
within her grasp."  This woman's hands, in this Vaishali region,
possess the four virtues of a woman who achieves
victory in the next life; the victory will fall into
her hands in the next life. What is emptiness here? This
woman in this Vaishali region possesses complete faith, complete precepts,
complete virtue, complete generosity, and complete wisdom,
achieving these four virtues in this Vaishali region.
Women achieve victory in the next life, the
next life falls within their grasp.
Dear fellow practitioners, let's
give a round of applause to praise the Dharma
because we are very happy.
We have learned the Buddha's teachings,
knowing how to make
our lives happy in this life and happy,
peaceful,
enlightened, and liberated in the next.
We put an end to the
question, "Why am I suffering so much?" We don't
know why we are suffering so much. Dear fellow
practitioners, do you see how happy we are? It is
very happy because we are always
complaining about heaven and earth, sometimes even
blaming our parents and ancestors, wondering
why we suffer so much. Since I
came to know the Buddha, I have gained wisdom. I never
blame anyone; I only strive to
improve myself. Therefore, once again,
we respectfully express our gratitude to the Buddha, to the
Dharma, and to the Sangha for
benefiting all sentient beings in general,
and especially to us women, so that in every
life we ​​are born, we will be able to
control our lives and overcome
all suffering.  and attain
ultimate victory. That is Nirvana, that is Supreme
Enlightenment, Perfect and Complete Awakening.
May all sentient beings have the same
auspicious karmic connection as we do, may all be
connected to the Buddha's Dharma, may all diligently
practice and attain happiness and
peace. May the Dharma endure for a
long time in the world. We vow to
diligently practice the Buddha's teachings. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. The
chanting has just ended. We
respectfully offer our greetings to the headmistress and praise to all the esteemed fellow practitioners. We
wish all
our female practitioners to become
successful women as
taught in the sutra by the Buddha. And now,
we invite all our fellow practitioners to
enjoy the cultural performances.
Please enjoy the song "To Be Together Forever." While
listening to the songs, we also
celebrate. We respectfully
invite the headmistress, and we respectfully invite all the fellow
practitioners.
[Music]
Winter sky, dawn breaks,
airplanes, mountain peaks, cotton, smoke,
mist, skirts.  The water's surface reflects the age of
18, the young woman goes to help with
love and trust, the girl Ken plants a house, the boy takes his wife, the girl
goes to Ken's house, full of clothes, a gentle and kind
nature,
a beautiful and pleasing appearance, oh, thanks to Chau, not Nuong, how much excess is there in Dung's house, the girl has just returned, oh, Buddha has taught, if you want happiness forever together, Hy, the Buddha's nature breaks the evil, D TM, practice meditation together, oh, she
has nodded her head, this life is happy, this
life is bad, An
Linh, oh, she has nodded her head, we trust each other, forever
together, Oh
[Applause] [
Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] The
winter sky is just brightening, the
airplane, the mountain peak, the flowers beside Smoke and Mist, the
water's surface reflects the age of
18, the young woman goes to help with
love and trust, the boy takes his
wife, the girl goes to Ken's house, full of clothes, a gentle and kind
nature, a beautiful and pleasing appearance, oh, thanks to Chau,
not Nuong, how
much excess is there in Dung's house, the girl has just
returned, oh, Buddha has taught, if you want happiness  May we be
together forever,
two by the
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha,
upholding the precepts and practicing meditation. Oh, my love, you
have nodded in agreement,
this life is full of happiness, a life of peace and tranquility. Oh, my
love, you have nodded in agreement, we believe in the precepts, forever together. Oh, thanks to the Buddha, how much surplus we have, a new life of joy and peace. Oh, the Buddha has taught, if we want to be together forever, we believe in the Buddha, uphold the
Sangha, uphold the precepts and practice meditation. Oh, my love, you
have nodded in agreement, this life is full of happiness, a
life of peace and
tranquility. Oh, my love, you have nodded in agreement, we believe in the
precepts, forever
together. Who wears the hat, who wears the hat, who wears the hat, who wears the hat, who wears the hat, who wears the hat, who wears the hat, who wears the hat. Everywhere, little ones are together.
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
The stories that are told will be
shared, understanding within the family. The
stories that dare not be told, dare not be
shared, cannot be understood.
Oh, the truth is in my heart, so much
joy within the family, the place where I need
most, the place where I return, the place where I find
peace through the suffering of the
world. I cannot escape, I cannot escape, how can I make my
family  My family gives me peace and
happiness, and what has come
has
come for my family to be
peaceful, happy, and joyful.
Living a life of kindness and compassion gives us a
happy family
to live by the law of karma. A peaceful family, a
family of kindness, a
happy family, a peaceful family.
[Music]
Stories that can be told will be shared.
Stories in the family that
dare not be told, dare not
share, cannot be felt. Poetry on the day in
my family. Oh, I tell you, the truth is in my heart, so many
tears have flowed. The
family is where I need to
remember, where I return, where I need
peace. The world's winds,
I don't know how to give my family
peace and
happiness.
And Buddha has come, Buddha has
come, giving my family understanding,
peace, happiness, and
joy. Living a life of karma gives us a
happy family to live by the law of karma. A peaceful
family, a
Buddhist family, a happy family, a
prosperous family.
[Applause]
[Music]
Rice scattered all over the house.  The cat
runs after me, grabbing its tail and pulling it, it meows, the
father laughs, "Kha, you're so good, so well-behaved!
This one is
too tall, you know, I can't write on it, Dad! Oh,
so much
fun! Time's up, I
just wanted to be a little mischievous, Dad looked at me and smiled, "
I
love you, Dad! You've gone away for me, Dad, I'm so happy
now! I
love you so much, I'm grown up,
happy for life, I'll be grateful to you,
Dad! Rice spilled all over the house, Dad grabbed the
cat and pulled it, it meowed,
Dad laughed, "Kha, you're so good, so well-behaved!
Dad, this one is too tall, I can't write on it,
Dad!" Oh,
so much
fun! Time's up, I just wanted to be
a little mischievous, Dad looked at me and smiled, Dad stroked me, "Kha, you
love me!"
[Music]
Rice spilled all over the house, Dad grabbed the
cat and pulled it, it meowed, Dad
laughed, "Kha, you're so good, so well-behaved!
Dad, this table is too tall, I ca
n't write on it, Dad!" Oh,
so much
fun!  The school day is over, my dear Mịch,
just a little bit of teasing. Dad looks at you and smiles. Dad corrects you, my
dear. Dad,
so many years have passed,
you've worked hard and toiled, and now I've grown up. I vow to be grateful to you for all your hard work and toil. I vow to be grateful for all your life.
[Music]
B Yes, thank you to the entire arts family,
and now we would like to present to you
a very lively song, "I love the kind
Buddha." Please,
let's give a round of applause to
welcome you. Elephants have nine tusks, chickens have
nine spurs, and horses, horses,
horses, so many horses! We made a
date to go moon gazing, we made it at 7 a.m., but we've been waiting from
7 a.m. to 7 p.m. and still haven't seen
anyone. Hey everyone, have you seen anyone?
Where's Hảo Viên Chiên? Hảo Viên
Chiên is here, here, here, here. Keep your mouth shut, shut, shut, shut.
Have you heard the news? Have you heard the news?
Looking at this face, I know you haven't
heard the news yet. Oh my God, how
could you miss such important news? I'll
tell you this story. Oh my God!
Hold your breath and listen! Even I can't
believe it, oh my god! The story goes like
this, you know? The story is right here.
The plot is like this. Right here.
Why? Because it's like this... and then there's
this part... and this part... and then there's that
part... and then...
even I can't believe it, oh my god!
My heart is still pounding, my legs are still
shaking! Yeah, oh my god, are you shocked after hearing this? Even I'm shocked, let alone
you! Yeah, that's the
end of the story? Understand? That's
why I'm late! But
why are you so early? Top 1: 7:00 AM. Oh my god,
so you arrived at 7:00 AM! Oh my god!
Top 2: 7:00
PM. It's true, only a kind fairy godmother could get along
with
these guys! Yes, ladies and gentlemen,
our group is now
complete. And now, we will begin our
moon-gazing performance. Although we do
n't sing well, when our voices
rise, they will be
incredibly powerful male voices.  Extremely magnificent! An
extremely masculine voice, extremely
masculine, do you believe it? Do you
believe a masculine voice? Yes, music
[Applause]
up, there is the bright moon in my heart, there
is the benevolent moon in the moon, ...
Singing in the Russian style, the old man sings
la la la la la la la la la la la la. He
doesn't love me, his bright light illuminates the path,
leading my steps to the village, far away. The Buddha
loves me, the Buddha does loving things for me, bringing
joy to my little school. The
bright page shines
in my homeland, I
love the kind Buddha, the kind Buddha. The Buddha is in the village, the Buddha is in the
village. I love the kind Buddha, the kind Buddha of the village.
[Music]
[Music] [Music
]
[Music]
On October 20th, I wish all the elders,
mothers, aunts, sisters, and children to
always love the kind Buddha. Yeah!
And now let's stand up to
greet the audience like real actors!
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] Three
golden chrysanthemums, even if they wither, will
not leave, the flower will still be yellow.
Even if the oil withers, it won't be too
quickly. The Golden Palace Club, the Hundred Cultivation Club, the
wealthy and the poor will
not suffer, even if it is
difficult, they will
overcome. The Chrysanthemum Club, the
Peaceful Club, the Buddhist Dharma, the Harmonious Club, the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the Peaceful Club, the Buddhist Dharma, the Harmonious One, the Eastern
Flower, the Two-Mouth
Flower, the Flower of Non-Confrontation, the Three-Minded Flower, the Flower of Harmony, the Four Realms, the
Eastern Flower, the Cultivating the Flower of Unity, the Six Benefits, the
Eastern Flower, wherever there is Six Harmonies, there is peace. Where there is Six Harmonies, there is liberation. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the Peaceful
Club, the
Buddhist Dharma, Six Harmonies. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the Peaceful Club, working together to do our part. The Golden Palace Club, the Peaceful Club, cultivating faith. Developing Bodhi Mind, protecting the Three Jewels, spreading Buddhist Dharma widely throughout the world.
[Music] The Golden
Chrysanthemum Club, from the color of
liberation. The Golden Chrysanthemum
Club, practicing to seek liberation, helping everyone. The Golden Chrysanthemum
Club, the Peaceful Club, cultivating the mind to seek
liberation. The Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the Peaceful
Club, the Golden Offering Club, the Peaceful
Club.  The
joyful Golden Chrysanthemum Club consists of
Buddhist practitioners at Ba
V Temple who always strive together to seek the supreme path,
always strive together
to seek the supreme path.
[Music]
Yes, please welcome all esteemed practitioners
to the song "Protecting the Six Harmonies" from the
Chuc Tue Dharma Center. Please welcome all esteemed practitioners to
enjoy the song "Heavenly Realm, the Three Heavens,
everywhere, joyful with the Dharma.
We all practice the Dharma, cultivating the Six Harmonies,
cultivating great merit,
causing the heavens to contend for the Dharma for a long time.
And those who have just practiced, believe in the New Path, overcome all
dangers, and will see the
Tathagata through diligent practice of Nirvana.
[Music] Oh,
and all the Devas, do you know or not, the one who has
spared us, the Tathagata, is our
master, Thai Minh. We
respectfully thank our master for allowing us to practice the Six
Harmonies, to renounce the world and
do good deeds for all
sentient beings. Oh, all the Devas, come here to sing
joyful songs about the Dharma of the Six Harmonies. May the
Buddha Shakyamuni guide
us to the Dharma of the Six Harmonies.  Harmony, la la la la,
we only practice the Six Harmonies, la la la
la la, suffering, we only break the Six Harmonies,
la la la la la la la, we only practice the Six Harmonies,
la la la la la la la, we only practice the Six Harmonies, we only practice the
Six Harmonies, today there
is Heaven, there is
Heaven everywhere, come and rejoice with us
Buddhists, we all practice the Six
Harmonies, the Six Harmonies together, great
merit, making the Dharma be used for a long time, and
those who practice and believe, all things, people, dangerous things,
things like,
from single-minded belief, need, Nirvana. Oh
Heavens, do you know or not, the one who
guides us, the Tathagata, is our master, our
teacher, Thai Minh, we
respectfully thank and thank our master, he will guide us to practice the
Six Harmonies to come out of the world, to do
good deeds and bring blessings to all
sentient beings. Oh Heavens, until
this end, we all happily practice the Six Harmonies,
we all Heavens to be like the Buddha Shakyamuni.
We only practice the Six
Harmonies,
we only practice the Six
Harmonies.
We only cultivate the
Six Harmonies,
we only
practice the
Six Harmonies, we
only cultivate ...  The
big one goes to resist, reaching out to the
big house, truly
joyful, going to the big house, Uncle Ba Vang,
the people welcome with open arms, the Buddha's path, the vast and hazy
road of wisdom, going to the big house, going to the big house,
together with Ba Vang, welcoming with open arms, flowing from the
Viet Minh with Bun
[Applause]
[Music]
Life, Binh's big house, Binh's big house, Binh's big house, Binh's
big house,
going home, Lu's home
[Music]
Lu's sun peeking out, Ba Vang pagoda, low and hazy,
Ani, Min, people welcoming
you and me. Today is a day off, wandering around,
gossiping, going out, showing
Phi, why don't you get up and go? Why are you
sitting at home? Let's go to the big house, go to the big house,
Ba Vang, let's go to the big house, let's hone our
skills, let's go to the big house, let's explore, the
heart returns to the big house, truly crowded and
joyful, going to the big house, Uncle Ba Vang,
welcoming with open arms, the
Buddha's path, the vast road to wisdom, going to the big house,
Uncle Ba Vang, welcoming with open arms, then from
being Tuy MT C, yearning for joy forever, my friend, let's
hold hands, we go to the big house, Ba  Golden Place, a
peaceful place to study together, Wisdom and awareness, A
vast expanse of light, Where are we,
hand in hand, Where are we, returning to our big home?
[Music] A
thousand hidden secrets, Where
[Music]
Even in a vast, desolate place, Where
We return to our thatched house, We return to our
home,
Please continue with the next part, From Ha Viet
[Music] [
Applause] [Music
] Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam [Music]
Green fields, green mountains, Clouds swirling,
singing, high, high, soaring, Silver River,
the sound of birds in the vast forest,
Vietnam, the birth of a beautiful woman, Listening to the ocean whispering, Our ancestors,
a thousand years old, Thanh Son, the
forest, building a table of love,
Vietnam, with its resounding mark,
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying the value of wealth, From
the beginning, Vietnam, Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying the value of wealth, To the
whole world, To be friends, let's hold
hands, follow in the footsteps of our ancestors.  Stop
building the tiger anthem of Vietnam, following the path of
enlightenment, Vietnam
[music] Vietnam, proud
to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam
[music] Christmas,
lying down, listening to the sound of the
ocean,
fragrant, our ancestors, thousands of years old,
built a table of love, the tiger anthem of
Vietnam, made of gold, the mark of the sky, the
Vietnamese people here, in hand, carrying the
bright mind, devouring the whole from the beginning, Vietnam, the
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying the bright will,
X, xi, global, you, where, let's hold
hands, each step, calling out, our ancestors
built the tiger anthem of Vietnam, following the path of
enlightenment,
Vietnam. Greetings, where, let's hold hands, each
step, calling out, let's stop building the tiger anthem of
Vietnam, following the path of enlightenment,
Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, proud to be
Vietnam,
Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam
[music] Dear
esteemed friends, 365 days in
a year, women have a special day for the whole
society to care for and praise, and a Day
for us to know that women are not  Not
merely the weaker sex, but also the beautiful sex,
in the warm atmosphere of Vietnamese Women's Day,
October 20th, we now invite our
male fellow practitioners to present flowers and
gifts to our female fellow practitioners,
symbols of appreciation,
love, and support that we have
given each other on our journey of spiritual practice and
in life. First, we
would like to offer these beautiful flowers to
you, a special woman
in our lives, who has always
accompanied and supported us every step of the way,
cultivating
good things so that they may flourish and grow ever stronger. We
ask, which flower is the most beautiful,
with the same color and fragrance? The
lily, or the
maiden, how long does it last in this mundane world? The
fragrance on the old altar flows with the wind, the
scent of happiness is carried away. Happiness rises from the
throne, the
fragrance of happiness bursts forth. We ask, O
Lady, to offer the precepts of virtue, the flower of the
boudoir, the pain of countless colors, the suffering of the world. May there be
no adultery, no killing, no theft, no
addiction, and so on.  Immediately
avoid
practicing compassion, loving-kindness, and sharing. Avoid the path of virtue, the
path of wisdom, and boundless compassion.
[Music]
for the assembly that you love Hanoi, it permeates every
heart, the fragrance of flowers on the
lotus flower, the
precious among those fragrances, the fragrance is supreme, the fragrance
on the altar is sticky rice in the
afternoon breeze, the fragrant wind spreads
everywhere. The fragrance on the altar is a stream in the afternoon breeze, the
fragrant bats. The path of virtue bursts forth from the throne. Yes, I respectfully say, the path of virtue, the flower, the
courtyard, the autumn, the myriad colors, the world,
no adultery, no killing, no stealing, no addiction, no lying, my
friend,
avoid it,
practice compassion, loving-
kindness, and sharing,
avoid the path of virtue, the path of wisdom, boundless compassion.
[Music]
Happy Vietnamese Women's Day, October 20,
2024, the Golden Chrysanthemum group, practicing the Six Harmonies,
yeah
[Applause]